Wan, stop this fart
If you have the ability, why would you let people hide?
It took you so many years to come back
Wan Yue, just listen to me
Hand over this woman
How does grandma speak?
This has nothing to do with Xiaoxue
You all think I'm getting old and confused, don't you?
Ah you
Very useless
Little bunny, how dare you fight with people now?
It must be this little girl who indulges you
Right?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm talking nonsense
Did your sister just listen to this little brat?
If it weren't for this little girl movie
Can he offend this young master?
Hand him over now
Could it be?
Yun Shao is happy and can spare us
Grandma, you're going too far
If you want to learn, you can't stare at me by name for me
You are not allowed to say that
What do you say?
Your family are all losers
No one can come forward
When is the time?
Don't mix me up
I told you before.
I can handle this matter, you can handle it
You are a stinky brick mover at a construction site. How old are you?
I did work on the construction site back then
But that doesn't mean I've done nothing.
Satsuki
come
This is for you.
What is this?
This is the supreme black card
It's a small matter of status and money
Losing money for so many years
Is this a casino?
What are you doing?
Take a broken card and brag
What money and identity
You have a shit identity
Xiaoyu believe it
Pick up the card
Light Snow
Xiaoxue, what are you doing?
I figure it out.
I'm going to call my dad
I will not accept you.
Will you wait for me?
Dad?
I have something to do